README.md, before:

# JSON Server - Backend for Derek Araujo's Personal Web App

Welcome to my personal web page! This site is designed to be my business card, resume, and media hub all rolled up into one application. The frontend repository can be found here: [github.com/derekaraujo19/araujo-web-app](https://github.com/derekaraujo19/araujo-web-app)


## Data

The data in this db.json file contains music credits (listed as 'Projects'), images, and comment data that is getting submitted via a form request.

The music links, located at projects.player, take you to invidiual Spotify tracks, and are played via Spotify's embedded link player in the app.

'Artwork' and 'Year' data are placeholders and are not currently being used in this build.




<!-- # JSON Server Template

## Setup

Fork and clone this repo. Then install the dependencies by running:

```sh
npm install
```

## Seeding Data

To set up your database, update the `db/seeds.json` file to contain an object
with a key pointing to an array of data, like this:

```json
{
  "toys": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "name": "Woody",
      "image": "http://www.pngmart.com/files/3/Toy-Story-Woody-PNG-Photos.png",
      "likes": 8
    },
    {
      "id": 2,
      "name": "Buzz Lightyear",
      "image": "http://www.pngmart.com/files/6/Buzz-Lightyear-PNG-Transparent-Picture.png",
      "likes": 14
    }
  ]
}
```

Then, run `npm run seed` to copy data from the `db/seeds.json` file to the
`db/db.json` file. `json-server` uses the `db.json` file to create your RESTful
API, so make sure your `db.json` file is always up to date!

Any time you want to reset your database back to your original data, run
`npm run seed` again. Doing this will overwrite all the data in your `db.json`
file, so make sure you don't have any data in that file that you don't mind
losing!

## Running the Server Locally

To run your server in development mode, run:

```sh
npm run dev
```

While running in development mode, the server will re-load any time you make
changes to the `db.json` file, so you can test our your seed data.

While your server is running, you can make requests to
[http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000). Check it out in the browser to
make sure your server works!

## Deploying the Server

Free services like Heroku make it simple to deploy your Node server. Heroku also
works nicely with Rails, which you'll learn later in the program.

First, download the [Heroku CLI](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs#set-up).

Then, [deploy your app](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs#deploy-the-app).

Since Heroku deployment integrates with your git repo, you can easily deploy
changes to your database. To deploy changes, make sure to commit your code:

```sh
git add .
git commit -m "Updated database"
```

Then push your main/default branch up to Heroku:

```sh
git push heroku main
``` -->

Commit message:

Added video walkthrough to README

README.md, after:

# JSON Server - Backend for Derek Araujo's Personal Web App

Welcome to my personal web page! This site is designed to be my business card, resume, and media hub all rolled up into one application. The frontend repository can be found here: [github.com/derekaraujo19/araujo-web-app](https://github.com/derekaraujo19/araujo-web-app)

A video walkthrough of the application running can be found at [here](https://youtu.be/lD-KjGSY7kE).


## Data

The data in this db.json file contains music credits (listed as 'Projects'), images, and comment data that is getting submitted via a form request.

The music links, located at projects.player, take you to invidiual Spotify tracks, and are played via Spotify's embedded link player in the app.

'Artwork' and 'Year' data are placeholders and are not currently being used in this build.




<!-- # JSON Server Template

## Setup

Fork and clone this repo. Then install the dependencies by running:

```sh
npm install
```

## Seeding Data

To set up your database, update the `db/seeds.json` file to contain an object
with a key pointing to an array of data, like this:

```json
{
  "toys": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "name": "Woody",
      "image": "http://www.pngmart.com/files/3/Toy-Story-Woody-PNG-Photos.png",
      "likes": 8
    },
    {
      "id": 2,
      "name": "Buzz Lightyear",
      "image": "http://www.pngmart.com/files/6/Buzz-Lightyear-PNG-Transparent-Picture.png",
      "likes": 14
    }
  ]
}
```

Then, run `npm run seed` to copy data from the `db/seeds.json` file to the
`db/db.json` file. `json-server` uses the `db.json` file to create your RESTful
API, so make sure your `db.json` file is always up to date!

Any time you want to reset your database back to your original data, run
`npm run seed` again. Doing this will overwrite all the data in your `db.json`
file, so make sure you don't have any data in that file that you don't mind
losing!

## Running the Server Locally

To run your server in development mode, run:

```sh
npm run dev
```

While running in development mode, the server will re-load any time you make
changes to the `db.json` file, so you can test our your seed data.

While your server is running, you can make requests to
[http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000). Check it out in the browser to
make sure your server works!

## Deploying the Server

Free services like Heroku make it simple to deploy your Node server. Heroku also
works nicely with Rails, which you'll learn later in the program.

First, download the [Heroku CLI](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs#set-up).

Then, [deploy your app](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs#deploy-the-app).

Since Heroku deployment integrates with your git repo, you can easily deploy
changes to your database. To deploy changes, make sure to commit your code:

```sh
git add .
git commit -m "Updated database"
```

Then push your main/default branch up to Heroku:

```sh
git push heroku main
``` -->
